WHY MAKE UP WORDS?  
Because every other word in techspeak has a million different meanings
or meta-qualifiers.  I'm tired of wraps and meta-wraps and outer-wraps 
and inner-wraps.  And blocks and subblocks and things.

MAJOR TERMS:
	TARG: the outermost container of a page.
	SUBTARG: A container directly inside the targ that contains most of the 
				page.  Sometimes needed to allow absolutely-positioned elements
				outside the flow of the normal page but keep them inside the targ
				for consistent DOM manipulation.
	CONK: A container that uses all of the space available inside the current 
				container.  Often a nested container used to define padding, margins
				or gutters.
	VERK: A container that uses 100% of the vertical height available in its 
				parent container, but a subset of the horizontal space.  Often a 
				column.
	HORK: A container that uses 100% horizontal width available in its parent, 
				but a subset of the vertical space.  Often a row.
	GRIK: A container that uses less than all of both the horizontal and 
				vertical space.  For example, a single square in a grid.
				
MINOR TERMS:
	TARGVERK: A verk that that defines the overarching content width, and 
				usually will not have other verks next to it,.  On a desktop-focused 
				site, this could be a 960 grid container.  For example, a div 
				containing the main column AND the sidebars.
	TARGHORK: A hork that spans the full width of the targ.  For example, a
				footer that requires a window-spanning background may require a 
				targhork, then probably a targverk inside it to keep the footer the
				same width as the rest of the page.
	TRANSVERK: A verk whose width corresponds to verks in other container, 
				usually to create the appearance of a column that spans several 
				horizontal sections like targhorks.
	TRANSVERK-SIDE: a transverk on the side of a central transverk.  Typically
				a sidebar.
	TARGHORKLET: A vertically narrow targhork, creating a ribbon across the 
				page width. Often used for things like primary navigation.
